Awesome Club:6;awesome.jpg;We are the best club in the world. Our ratings are always 5 out of 5!;10;5:
Illini Japanese Association:4;illJapAsc.jfif;IJA strives to help people understand the Japanese culture and/or language better, to help communities exchange their ideas and views due regard to Japan, and to help new students from Japan to UIUC. We regularly organize larger events every few months, including but not limited to a welcoming party, year-end/new-year party, hanami (cherry-blossom viewing), and kodomonohi (children's day) event. We also seek possible collaboration with other Japan-related organizations on campus and help them access Japanese culture smoothly. IJA can also be a strong bridge for UIUC students who seek internship or job opportunities in Japan or Japanese companies. Japanese students as well as non-Japanese students are all welcome.;40;4:::junryuf2;I love this club, super lax environment and lots of cool friends to meet!;14|
Engineering Council:2;engCoun.jfif;Engineering Council (EC) is an engineering student council that aims to provide resources and support for engineering students and societies.;30;4:::ggad2;Super fun club and very rewarding!;32|matt2;I hope to one day be the president of this club!;63|max;I recommend this club to all of my friends;26|junryuf2;This club is pretty weak;127|eng4life;my FAVORITE CLUB!;47|
Badminton For Fun:3;badminton.jfif;We welcome anyone who shares a passion for badminton and wants to have fun. No tryouts. beginners are welcome. Come meet new people while sharpening your badminton skills! Contact b4f.uiuc@gmail.com. We do not accept membership requests on this platform.;5;4:::matt2;This made me enjoy badminton!;5|junryuf2;I don't want to do badminton...;38|
Disability Law Society:0;disability.jfif;Advancing accessibility and disability law through education and advocacy.;13;4:
Illinois Student Government:6;IllStuGovt.jfif;Committed to representing and advocating the views and needs of the student body to campus administration, local, state, and federal governments.;100;3:::junryuf2;this club is amazing!;0|
Accounting Club:1;accounting.jpg;We seek to enhance the student experience through company presentations, philanthropic opportunities, and social events. We aim to help members understand the different careers within accounting as well as connect with other business students. Additionally, we strive to educate our members about the importance of leadership, ethics, communication, professionalism, and networking while informing them about the professional opportunities available to them.;67;3:::max;I don't understand why I joined this club. I'm not even in accounting, sticking with aerospace.;3|junryuf2;I agree with Max. Don't join unless you are in accounting!;7|accounting_legend2;I LOVE THIS CLUB!!!!!!!!;23|
Adventure Club:5;advClub.jpg;Adventure Club sets out to create a unique experience among fellow college students. Activities include expeditions to locations around campus that are fun to visit. Members gain ranks by participating in these activities and competing in teams at the events. Make friends and win prizes!**We do not use campus labs for communication, so don't worry if we deny your membership. If you requested already, we've added you to our email list for more information. If not, send us an email for information about interviews at adventureclubuiuc@gmail.com**;30;2:
